[Music]
Hello, good afternoon everyone. How are
you? How are you? Welcome one more day to the
Movistar Sports Channel. Welcome one
more day to A Life, the format that we have
live here on the Tweets Channel. I'm
libertine and well, today we have a
special program, a little improvised. I
have to tell you because yesterday we had a
bit of a bombshell, not with the subject of it being
announced yesterday, but it's true that it came out
quite a bit in the sense of, well, if
the website wasn't working, yes, many streamers
went into Movistar precisely
to see the nominees and so on. Hey, we
thought it was a great day. Today, it's
true that it's not the best time in the world,
at least here in Spain, okay, 4 in the
afternoon, but we think it's a good
time to talk about the eslam, okay. Of
all the controversies in all the
categories of the nominees, let's
do a little summary, okay, of what the
most important awards in the world of
streaming have been. You already know that they invented them
last year and they were successful and there's a
second edition that's going to be in Mexico
on January 29th.  of 2023 you know that
even if they are from this year they move to the
following year Well for reasons that is what
grefg has decided So nothing
simply guys everyone who is
here Thank you very much for coming first we are
going to have a section with Javier
Iveira okay You already know that there has been a
bit of controversy with his nomination okay
for best news coverage I have a
lot to say about
the nominations okay But well with Javi
we are going to talk a little about his topic about
everything that has happened and also about the
biggest controversies okay about the since we
have one of the biggest
gossip channels in Spain so we are going to talk
about it too and then we will have another
part okay another part of the program with
two other guests that we will later
present talking a little more in
general about the categories well
what do you think about being nominated Because there
are two in different categories and Well,
different topics okay to close you will
also see some pieces okay
specials that we recorded last
weekend about the slam But well
that will be later okay simply
Thank you very much for the follows guys I am
here To support Javierina Well we already
know that there is going to be many of the
Javi's community we appreciate it I just
ask you that if you want to give your opinion and so on
with respect okay let's just
talk to him let's see what happened
We are an impartial medium Okay and we are
going to try to treat the information
in the most neutral way possible he is going to
give his opinion and we are
a medium that if anyone else wants to give
their opinion on the names that
he may give we are open So
nothing guys I'm not going to ramble on any longer
because you're not here to listen to me
only me we're going to go with my partner
Victor and Yola and with Javier Iveira to
talk a little bit about what the
controversy of the seslands has been about his
nomination So come on let's talk
with
[Music]
Okay so we're here the three of us with
Javi I was answering your community
Javi Because they are already here always
with respect obviously but anyway I
welcome you and thank you very much
for being How are you How are you Well a
pleasure Thank you very much for inviting me
improvised eh Sevillian you took
the party away eh
well let's see eh a Sevillian
but for me  so far it's criminal
well Many Spaniards 90% of my
friends take a nap I'm the weird one So I do
n't know Victor If it's a nap or not
Victor How are you so very very
much
let's start Javi in ​​the end we
usually have a script for the program okay
but since we have here everything that
has caused you the controversy I want you to be the one who
contextualizes a
little what has happened because I have
followed the controversy yes I have seen what
happened difference of two votes on
reddit and so on Well in the end tell us
a little what happened all those who
are here watching the program What
happened with your nomination let's
see well let's see what happened what I
consider fraud according to the very
definition of the word fraud not
economic fraud but fraud at the level
that they have done things
not as not as the rules say not the
rules that they themselves set It turns out
that it is their event he can do whatever he wants
and he can put in and take out
whoever he wants but then he should
n't ask for people's votes and he is
disrespectful to everyone who has
participated in those votes as you already
know that I believe that you have also been
following the subject and giving
coverage to the subject of the enlam the
first part of the nominations
were basically quite free and they
asked people through reddit to
propose the nominees and as they were
putting names people were
voting that also has the
consequence that now we will talk about that
If you want not the subject of ready that you
also have been telling me that well it
is a voting system a little bit a
little bit strange Not because you are not only
giving positive votes but also
negative ones that eliminate the positive vote
then of course many times the haters
are more effort than your own
followers they take it more to heart
so basically the most summarized
so as not to roll myself here 20 minutes is
my name comes out I am among the 10
nominees
But grefg has taken when he has
found out that I was one of the
nominees obviously Well he has
removed me in the middle because I am a channel
that he is not interested in And he does not like that it
exists Of course because I criticize the
way of voting  Here I say it
openly, I do not like
official awards, that is, that the community has
participation obviously because
this is about Twitch and YouTube and in the
end the community is everything but the
fact that one fandom is more powerful
than another and can take one person and
another, no, that is what seems
worrying to me, I did want to ask you
Javi and now I'll leave you. My step Victor
If you want to comment something, the 10
nominees are 100% Officially from
reddit they come out, I mean, there is no
subjective opinion of any Jury or
anything, that will come later, right?
This is for you Javi I don't know if you
know, of
course it was
supposed to be from ready, I don't
really know if if not, I would have falsified the
data In what position would I have been of
the 10 nominees but they were for
example for the atomias which is another That is
another story also that would have to be
commented on above, mine was Turbo
plan and neuter Play
and I don't remember if any more but I think
Turbo planck in autoplay what is
happening that Turbo planning outer Play
does not create the content in Stream  so it
's contradictory that's why I'm here I
'm in the top 10 If they had
taken Turbo playa on auther I think I would have been left
out but the thing is that since
they don't create the content on
Stream it's not worth it because this year it's
like it's only for people who
create the content that they're
awarding on String what's going on is
the rules, let's see the one
from Wild project they put him in when it's
not content on Stream anymore so it's
quite curious no and well to get
me out to fill my spot it's very
curious because they put in a kid
who doesn't have many viewers in fact I think he
has less than 100 viewers in each
live or less than 50 viewers in each
live he's not very well known but with the
peculiarity that he's a quite
racist guy from my point of view because he
's a guy who literally says that
Mexicans are I
was saying a week ago So it
's curious that they're going to take
a streamer to Mexico who makes this type of joke
because according to him when people start
calling racists he says that he has taken you
out of context
Well I
think my opinion Javi
It's true that there have been  something strange or rather it
is very clear in your exit from
enlightenment, I don't know why you are not there, I can't
tell you obviously I have no
idea, I
think that even so I am with you on many
things that you say
already when you talk about fraud I don't know if we
get there and that word is the appropriate one
to talk about this I
think and Well about the cloud that you already
referred to, he is
not considered a racist, much
less that he may have clips out of
context, well it may be but I think I
follow him at the core, I have seen him a lot, I have
seen you a lot and racist I think he is not I
still think that if he has gotten into there it will have
been for whatever reason he does not know
the reason but I think we could leave
disqualifications of that type for those of
another person, I am with you Javi, I have
not qualified him, if you find me
another definition for a person who
says that Latin Americans are cute,
then we can put the qualifier that
you want and regarding
fraud, the first definition that the
RAE gives is an action contrary to the truth and
righteousness that harms the person
against whom it is committed
Yes, yes, it could be, it could be, you can go and
take it and say that is a fraud but you
also often say that you
feel harmed and Hey that is your
opinion and of these feelings more than
your opinion But you also say sometimes
that they are Greg's awards and that you care
a little then harmed man and
with all my respect Javier Or rather I
still sleep at night and also
clearly
yours is that there was a little bit of delay
Sorry I haven't heard you
say anything that feeling harmed Maybe it
's a little good
that you don't care Well a little big no
but Hey I don't feel harmed
obviously if they had invited me I
would have been grateful and I would have taken
the award And I would have thanked
the people who organize it but I
feel that it has harmed and has
disrespected the people who are
participating in those votes No
because in the end it seems to me that when
this ready came out I made a video
saying Well here is the link in
case you want to vote okay we are going to win
no way we are not going to be nominated
because obviously if this is about
voting then the one who moves the
most public will win very  young Because it
also has to be an audience that
moves on reddit
But the fact that the fact that
I care more or less about the prize doesn't
mean that it's a scam I mean if
the word fraud offends you directly I
accept it much more
of course it's the same it's a synonym I don't know If they are being But well I accept it I accept it more Yes yes well there's no problem he can do what he wants but then he says not to say that people vote on networks but rather he says Look
I'm going to take those that I like and I'm
going to take the channels that don't
criticize me and that don't show my content
criticizing that I take the car and go around
Andorra as I please and on the
roads as I please or that I
talk about the iPods that don't reach
people no and that I sell for 10 euros that
are not I sell it to you with the name of iPod
but they are not iPods all this type of
things no I mean I have released video when I
think I should have released it for
example to grefg la  it burned a lot that
I released a video I don't know if it was a
couple of years ago and he also tried to take down my
channel with strike because I made a video
commenting that he had been at
Ibai's evening without a mask
hugging the rest of the streamers and so
on and days later he tested positive for a
comic, so this is public domain
This is not something that I am defaming
or that I made up or anything like that
and I say more I have an article out there
written by me criticizing that or so
Of course
imagine that you wrote an
article not in your
media outlet like mine could be and
suddenly Well, grefg comes along believing
that he is in the Franco era and
tries to throw the news at you because you have to
know that there are many of us who miss out on
many interviews with many creators
because the press is put in the
same bag as other
traditional media and we, as I
assure you, suffer many
declines precisely because we are
considered I don't know traditional media that
go against streamers, I mean, it is
considered press as has always been
said And well, we have seen
clips, we the editorial staff of I don't know, we
have  that the press such We are
specialists in streaming and such and we are
never going to disrespect anyone
in the Twitch world but so you know that
what we write and
what we say also affects us what I
have to say here okay the first thing
okay I'm a bit stuck on the song I
understand Your discomfort okay with the nug me
that too is a person who has in fact
come to this medium to give opinions
on topics and such simply to
contextualize a little it is not a person
who does not have 100 bits I mean he does not have an
average in the last year of 600 okay And he
has peaks of 3000 and they have their yes he is
a person is that yesterday I saw how good they
sent me direct they sent me a
live in which he is insulting me and he
is telling me that I am envious because
Yes yes but that he had to have 300
views the video already summarized the live
summarized in tweet So if he had 300
views well I have said these will be 50
me because I did not circulate a clip out there in
which well I know here in  Movistar let's
say it doesn't have its average it has its
content I'm not saying it, I'm saying it, okay
okay both yours and theirs
but you already know how clips are in the
world of Twitch which is a bit Well what I
want to say here Javi which is to
defend your position a bit what I
think is that these prizes are very
good that I invented them this in the end
is like the rewin it doesn't have to come from
someone someone puts up the money it has to be
done by someone okay but I think it's
starting to be seen that with how
the community has grown How
the prizes have grown a bit
people really like it maybe
someone who is not a streamer should take over No because
then what happens happens Oh it's that in 2018
at Gamers and you told me something you're not going
to win a slime Let's see well that is a
problem people have to take into account that
both the rewind and the like
the lamp that man that they don't say that it is a that it is
something of the community and that it
is something like it is that it is treated as if it
were an official thing to me it makes
a lot of fun because  It's treated as if it
were something official No, it's not something official,
it's an event organized by gref. Whoever
invites his friends rewards his friends
and doesn't respect the opinion of the
community, in fact, he doesn't even respect his
own partner Because look at the guy
who does the rewin Alex is a fan of Greg, a big
fan of Greg, in fact, he has always
been a very, very fan of Greg and all his
friends last year
several youtubers contacted me Top streamer but Tops
When I say Tops they are not from the top
When I say top it means very big people okay they
were quite pissed off because It
turns out that both Alex is cool and
Greg were hiding from the rest of the
people who were collaborating
recording this video clip that they had
thoughts of broadcasting an
exclusive premiere on Greg's Twitch Channel
because he had thoughts of breaking his
own record okay, in other words, he was putting his
belly out and wanted to broadcast it exclusively on his
Twitch which sounds very good what
happens is that we have to notify all
the youtubers who are collaborating
believing that they are doing it
altruistically and for the community, so well there
was a lot of movement
last year  with each time he does things it
seems like he does them more or less in a
similar way because last year he
also had everyone very angry.
What happens is that then people because of the
issue of linkedism and such, well, they seem to
forgive him and criticize each other behind his
back but in person not in your face and in
public it seems like they have forgotten
but no no grefg last year too He
had a problem with the rewin issue
because he tried to play tricks on the
rest of his colleagues who are supposed to
be his friends to collaborate on
this revite and not tell him until the last
moment that it was going to be broadcast exclusively
on the Santo channel. Imagine a Willy Red
collaborating with the video because he thinks it
is a video for the community and it
turns out that he finds out once it is
recorded that it is going to be on
ego's Channel. Well, outside of controversies with
Greg and with the announcement and such, from here
to both gress and No, if they
want to make a reply, whether it is today
or some other time and well, debate
as people who in the end are
human people, I think I know that it is
possible in the end.  I condemn a little that
especially for your community Javi Because
I think that if people have gone to the ready
expressly to vote for me and then they
feel that their vote has not been present,
no, and that has not been at least from what we
see because I have just entered
five minutes ago and yes, it is true that you
come out with more votes than then, that is why
I asked you if there is any not only in
the ready but in the ready I come out because I am
fed up with him and apart from that, further down I come
out again with several names because it
is something like
in total I think that there was like triple
or four times what he has, not that I
why
But and that I am not going to go into
who deserves it more Who is better
Who is worse because that is
completely subjective But
honestly, things as they are for the
people who are saying oh you are
burned out what do they notice no no so not so
voted is that because you have not won a
turn it is not that I have won I have
been nominated the only thing they believe is Well, they are
not interested in giving it that I understand it
or rather the only thing I criticize is do not say that it is
from the  community and don't ask
people to vote when if there's someone you're
not interested in you're going to remove them from the
map or rather like You're simply
interested in the news channels that are
going to give the news conditioned
by you
I were out of all this I were all this I
want comfort Javi I want to make it clear
that I don't defend anyone I modify anyone
okay And that I see your complaint as fair
your complaint fits me because it's just about counting
the votes and that yes I would like Greg I do
n't know if it's because of what you say I have no
idea I don't know but I would like him to
take it and say Look I removed Javi
for this for whatever reason to explain himself That's it I do
n't think he'll show his face He never
does it and if he does that could be it but he
should take it Because if people
complain and say Look let's see I do the
math he's in the public eye and Javier
Olivera was before that it doesn't matter what
you think of crepe Javier Olivera
is ahead that's it you'll have to
explain why you're not ahead or
why you're not dominated
him now when he starts to announce the subject
of the let's
see We know that Which is  the
gossip youtuber who would win
we know that before even and
other things we were talking about it, my
community and Frank cuesta even jumped in and we
commented on it half jokingly but
We know who the
gossip youtuber who would win we know not the
mobility is that when he saw that in
this category gossip youtubers were falling He
already said watch out let's see if I'm
going to have to give the award to someone
who has made many videos of me I
was already being careful there are
people they
have removed what he says Because that's it if it
's because of that then say it if it's for
something else then say it too just for
information and because he should do it since they
are his awards well Hey
regardless of what I say about what you
think of each of those
involved
in the end in the end from what I see and from what I've been
looking at it is the only
category affected in this sense yes it
is true for example that the song
of the year there has
also been controversy in fact we already
jumped a bit what do you think of other
categories
Javi Because for example Spring has also
complained and in the song of the year
they said that he and  Juan monito should
be I don't know about you in that sense too
for example he has complained so that you
all know he has posted a tweet
saying that well it seems that it is not
enough well he has posted in fact I am
going to read it literally and being
third on average after auron and there are several
months of the year they have not been enough
to be among the streamer of the year it is
not very understood that
we send greetings to Dj Mario who many
times we do not include in our ranking
because they are from Twitch not from YouTube that
YouTube has data that is more difficult to
access But well I do not know what you think
that there have been many complaints in
general it was love Also saying out
there that roleplay with this tree what it has to
have
is to give it the grace that they still
look at it with that Christmas tree that he has put
behind it I do not
know if you have seen it I
would have to check the issue of the
votes Like for example if the same thing happens
with mine not that there are people who have
voted and have moved there no So
in this case I think it is different
because it may seem unfair to you that
x songs or whatever have not come out
but  We would have to see if people
have voted for him or not if they have thrown him out
because their comfort has not moved to
kill him, which for me is the mistake of these
Teslas that the community I am very sorry
for your community and for everyone else,
it is the one that has to choose the
nominees for me it is a mistake.
I have a lot of community that does not know how to
use the network and because one of my channels
is the community, well, they are starting to
know how to use Twitter, you are starting to
move around the world of YouTube. Well, they
are people who are just getting to know
the networks and they are good. On my channel,
telesalseo, the public is
90%
women from 50 up, 40 up,
60, 65, so I
have a lot of community there that if
the vote was simply to
really vote like it has always been, I
probably would have had a
good chance if I had
asked them, but of course,
a ready is that I don't even know the radio, I
mean, when I saw that people were
voting for me there and it didn't go up and of course, when I
said it, I who was there, well, there were
negative people, it
doesn't make much sense. But it's just that it
's strange, it's strange  but yes yes I have
seen the thing about digimares and I have
also seen the complaint about print but I think
that the case is not the same, I mean, I think
in that case they are complaining that they have not come
out, that they are not in, they are not
even in, they have not
even been released like in your case but they
simply have not reached the number
of votes to be there yet
but I don't know, I think it's a system, let's
see, I hope they learn because on the
way to next year if it is
ready again it is going to be a big mess because then
the communities are going to be even more
prepared and it is going to be even more
but the thing is that I think that has been done
on purpose. I mean, let's see, he has
made a voting system so
that more or less the thing is
balanced where he wants it.
No, no, we are not going to see the community of both
tweets and YouTube is immense and we
never see represented many
people who are quite well known, whether it
be fashion, or there are channels of
everything, mechanics, a lot of things
that are a lot of famous and
this type of things are never there because this
type of thing is not official, I mean, it is not
official or from the community or
anything, this type  of things is part of the circle
but well as long as that is
accepted there is no problem Do you
think Javi that the gossip channels
because in the end I repeat it again
okay us
Respect the channels as long as it is
with respect obviously and with
truthful information which I think you do Do you think
that for next year they should
separate gossip channels Because besides we
all call you that there is
no problem and it will go or rather when
you clash accord uncle south of tita they call them
channels of this is the category that
you have salt if it is true that it is a
word that in Spain sounds ugly But
well we all like gossip it is what there is
you are that they should
separate them next year and say well
look information channel as you like
that brings you video games and Sports and
streamers gossip you would separate it Or do you
think that it has no
informative coverage and now it has
people from football involved there people from
gossip who have nothing to do with each
other then I do
n't know let's see if it is true that as
informative coverage
almost all those who are there could fit
because there are also
I saw some that do talk about current events, it's one thing to talk about current events and another thing is for you to report, so for me reporting is like giving the news super objectively, not like maybe what I would do on the salcería or cell on their main channel but
not live.
So it hasn't been like a bit, I
think like a bit of testing the
waters and they've slipped them in somewhere
because they have to put them in and because they didn't have
their own category, but I would have
put gossip channels there and they
would have separated better, of course, I think so.
The problem is that they, more or less,
look at gossip channels, there are no more than ten
that have been known, if in each category there
are 10 nominees, 10 people from
gossip channels that are at the top
and have six out of ten finalist events,
the best event of the year, I mean, there
aren't 10 streamers that do
events not annually to
consider it event of the year, no
[Music] I don't
know, I'm talking about not because I'm messing with
ibai, it's logical that he went there.
Obviously, I would give him the
event of the year every year because he's not
always going to do it.  but I mean contextualizing
the category a little if it doesn't reach
10 it doesn't get done Let's see what categories that would
n't be done there are no categories with
less than 10
no what I mean is that if for
example ibai you can only take an
eBay event because it counts as one person
which is obviously a different events
but you can't I mean iba and it has what I'm
telling you you have 6 out of 10 in the finalists
and according to Greg only one will be able to enter
just as the rules have said Oh you
have six out of 10 but but
only one will be able to enter one of
the events it's supposed to be like the
song four
people of course it's supposed at least with the
song they have said salseo if it had been
a category part of salseo it would have
been more complicated and even more shameless
to get me out if it hasn't
been too good yet it's that You
realize that if there are 10 10 nominees from the
salseo channels
to see the drawer the
same thing happens Not only because the same thing happens to me
with the caster caster of the
year and of course there we have people
Maybe they present or do other things I  I would
also take out there I agree
with you Javin that gossip should be
out of another category
but the same thing happens, whether it's a
caster or a presenter, I mean, tell me what she
did Fabulosa I love her because I don't
see her as a caster but she does
n't want to come on,
I'm commenting a lot on the chat
guys obviously what Chris says no,
as you can see the community
Javi No, no, no disrespect yes that's why We
have invited
without disrespect and they have said but well
no but it's a bit general
to all of those I have said eh of course I have
said it to everyone Because also I always
say it when there is a topic that you can
cook because in the end those topics are already
known not that if they bring a medium it's
because you are bringing this and you don't bring the
other We have invited
everyone and here comes whoever wants to come, I
mean in the end We are not
here either filtering and saying No, you are not
coming to give your opinion We have already
said whoever wants to come to refute
Javier this his program I mean we do not
want to do the gossip of the
sesland either, okay We simply wanted to know
Javi's opinion, we have had it
Obviously I understand that he's pissed off about what
happened because [ __ ] if you set the
rules that on Red a series
of people vote
for me you vote for me as discord journalist of the
year and I have more votes than another and I don't
get in, I
mean like no don't laugh at Gea
people you know like say it clearly man I mean like
we're making like an echo bubble
we're doing like the one of being ignored the one
of silence I mean I am Untouchable It's
basically the issue I am Untouchable
news may come out against
some streamers of those who are
frowned upon or those who are not or those who do
not agree with us
but about me don't post things that
are true I mean but the thing is that really
about Greg the things that have been taken out
about him and that we have commented on my
channel are things that are true that it is
true that the channels that have been
nominated are not going to comment on
these things and much less now because
in fact still up to now
no channel has come out to give the
news except you guys Well and
half a tuber of this fraud no O  either no
one from Silo has come out of this scam
because they are already nominated they are not going to
come out to comment on it of course Well,
I think that it is a topic that is due to
debate in the community that it would be cool if they would
encourage it in the end but what I
say as a person I see no problem in
inviting you here to give your opinion and to
tell what has happened at least your
point of view we are missing another point of
view and another from thegrefg too that
for past issues I already said that or
else In the end we are also missing the point
of opinion of the rest Well, we will
see if we can organize something so that you can
talk or to know the other
point of view But well in the end Javi
that we have invited Likewise whenever he
wants I am live almost all
day almost all hours when If at
any time he wants to interrupt I went up to
my live he can do it for that he
would have to have something to refute or rather it
is an objective fact here what would be missing
to know would be the fact no Hey look, well it does
not seem right to me to have to
give an award that I financed to
a person who puts things that  I don't
like it when they say no
but it's an objective fact that the
votes are what they are the numbers have
been what they have been and that has been taken from me
and with all due respect eh Javi I think it would have
been more elegant on your
part the other one of the right in the world
seeing all the right in the world as
you have it
to say look I'm behind me and not say anything else I mean not to say Not to disqualify anything no Although you think it is that your opinion is I think it should have been great to say look I'm not saying anything Only that you can see it in the radit I'm already in front of do and that's it
not to say anything else because there
as if at least for elegance more
than anything or rather to look good what I have
said that it wasn't elegant
racist that I am one thing is elegant one
thing is elegant and another thing is false and it
really looks good you don't have to
lie I mean you can ignore that
directly
in fact one of the things that I emphasized
is that I'm not going to get into whether he
deserves it more or less or something like that
But man we had four
days ago a viral scandal in which koi has
discarded the three participants that he
chose for unfortunate comments
some of the year 2015 2013 I think that
none have been discarded he
apologizes publicly and says that they are going
to solve it basically they are going to throw them out
on the street obviously they are not going to
hire them that is already a fact but that has been
tied up by these three
contestants for tweets from the year catapún
and that I have to discard here for
elegance or lack of elegance that a well not
only I tell you that you are free to
do and say
I am nobody
to a person who insults and also a
person who insults for example the other
day when he argued with Frank Cuesta the
first thing he did was disqualify
Frank Cuesta's wife does not deserve
any type of
that I owe him any type of mourning or
care with what he has to say about him
in case it might offend or not really
racist for me eh I am not saying
to you I for me a person who
starts saying that Latin Americans
are monkeys who already went to see monkeys in
Gibraltar And now  I would go see monkeys in
Latin America It seems to me that I
even do
n't know it's giving me things even having to
debate if that If a person is
racist for saying that no
why cover him up if he has said it he has
said it and he has said it in front of
many thousands of spectators on the
Abi Channel I think it was no in a no way
Yes I would go to the Slam Awards
because I have already gone to Gibraltar to see monkeys
man that we have to cover him up because I have to
cover that up let's
see me no me guys I have to stop
the debate here okay because we have
two other guests that we have met with
them there halfway okay And it's interesting
okay I what I do want to send
messages because I work for This okay And I know
that there are many clips and many
unfortunate comments that can be
totally taken out of context and they cut off for
a moment I'm not saying that I haven't
said that I have seen the clip obviously
but I have also seen what follows so
I recommend that at least if you
see a clip you don't just stay with the
clip and that you contrast the information
Well it basically continues that it's a joke, I
mean obviously you can cut me a
clip  and we've all been like that with friends it
's obviously wrong I'm not defending
It's a racist joke obviously it's
dark humor and racist and it's not relevant but
from there to cut it out there and make him look like
the bad guy in the movie Without Then saying
Haha It was a joke that he did go too far and I
'm not defending the comment It's not
right but also the
context on the internet is very difficult
to get what I'm simply saying
is that we try to contextualize
things even if it's wrong but to
stay a little in line later
if you want we can clarify it or rather he made a
racist joke he said that he would go to Mexico because there were
monkeys who live there and then he
laughed and said nothing nothing was a joke
Well I think that personally
with this I'm closing Javi I fire you because no we can't be
with that any longer
I consider that a person is not
racist can have an
unfortunate comment But that does not make you
racist and saying go to Mexico to
insult or go leave the
Mexicans that is what I want to get to
But well this is an
interesting topic that unfortunately not  we
can
follow them here we talk about it Of course
if you want it's not against you eh
debate if the comment is racist or not and
commenting No I haven't had fun without
commenting comments
that well a person doesn't become racist
to make a racist joke because it's too
bad that the joke is no matter how bad it is you're
lucky in this you're not going to
get anywhere talking
here guys Javi I really appreciate your
time I'm really sorry for what I really
personally tell you eh I'm really sorry about what
happened to you
on the contrary
for giving voice to the case and I hope we have
Look I hope we have the opinion of those from
thegrefg of everything that well all the
names that you have given I wish we
also had the other opinion it would be ideal
here at Movistar there is room for everyone and
to debate as people and nothing Javi
Well at least Keep in mind that you're going to
have a lot of news to give
these days about the That's worth it, it's
been a pleasure You're invited the
other way around You're invited for any other
occasion Javi and thank you very much to your
community eh Very respectful very Cool has
been talking a lot in the chat a
hug  To all guys, let's continue, let's
continue the program, okay
because there are two other guests, two other
nominees for the Esland Javi, we
say goodbye, a real hug, we
leave you with a video, okay, before
introducing the rest of the guests, come on, let's go, let's move
forward, let's move on.